That was a bigger ice cube than I intended here, hang on.
You can murder somebody with that.
Welcome one and all.
Harmontown is still briefly in session.
Let's welcome the Game Master, the master of games, the master of one and all,
the star of Harmon Quest, Mr. Spencer Crittenden, everybody.
Oh, yeah.
Spencer, what's going to happen when we don't have underwear ads to do together anymore?
I don't know, we'll have to sell something else. Maybe we can become traveling salesmen.
Like vacuum cleaners and encyclopedias and what else?
Yeah, like a death of a salesman.
Alright.
I'm Willie Lohman.
The death of two salesmen.
Yeah.
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon, everybody.
Hip hop. You don't stop.
Rap and rap and that's all you got.
Hipity, hipity, hipity hop.
Yo.
Hipity hop.
My name is Mr. Rap.
Yo.
I like to go into a trap because I'm self-destructive.
I have a question for you, Mr. Rap.
Yes.
Why do they call you Mr. Rap?
Because I like to go into traps.
And that rhymes.
I'm actually not very good at rapping.
I'm more passionate about trapping myself.
I'm self-destructive.
I love to be trapped.
Everybody trap me.
What's your favorite kind of trap to be trapped in?
Like a snare or a...
A bohemian spike pit.
A deceptively peaceful name for one of the most brutal traps devised by the human mind.
Tell me how it works.
Well, it's a trapezoidal hole, so you can't get out.
If you get trapped, you scream and shout.
You fall into the pit and the spikes go through.
What you gonna do?
My name is Mr. Rap.
I'm here to say I fell into one of those today.
And it really made me happy.
All the way, by the way, also gay.
I don't know if that just...
Mr. Rap, I think that...
Obviously you know a lot about traps,
but I think you're kind of varying the lead that you're...
You're pretty a good rapper, too.
Nah.
Oh, come on, Mr. Rap.
Nah, come on.
I think you're using traps as a camouflage.
For your actual love of freestyle rapping.
Well, I flow into the mic and I do much better.
I fucked your mama so hard, I made her a sweater.
Outta cum.
It was woven.
I'm fate-hoven.
Mr. Rap, can I...
I'm sorry, what? Excuse me for a second.
You made a sweater out of cum?
Yes.
Because the ropey knots were very ropey.
Kissing cooking.
All right, all right.
All right, let's give it up for Mr. Rap.
Not...
Not only a rapper, but a big trap enthusiast
and also a cum weaver.
He loves to be trapped in.
He loves throwing his ropey knots.
Oh, cream weaver.
Yeah.
I believe I can make you a sweater.
Imagine the discipline it would take to cum a sweater.
Yeah.
Or the patience of the person that was getting the sweater
weaved upon them.
How long do you think it would take to cum a sweater?
Weeks, I don't know.
All right, I only have one thing.
It just has special plugs.
So, look, I don't understand electronics or capitalism
enough to know why this is done to consumers.
But, like, I just...
I know that my voice won't be loud enough
and nothing will happen.
I just... I want an air of frustration
that specifically has to do with the electronic appliances
that, for some reason, in a world of appliances
that seem satisfied with a 12-volt adapter
or, you know, a 9-volt or whatever,
you've got all the different sizes,
but you can buy them all at an electronics store
if you lose them.
And then there's these things, these proprietary plugs,
like these computer things that they have.
You look at them, there's like a power brick
and then there's those fucking things.
Realized dongles, Dan.
And it's just like, you lose...
I wrote an Amazon review today.
Everybody was like, I love this thing.
This is a great USB hub.
It's, like, pretty pricey, but it runs like a dream.
And I was like, four stars.
If you lose the plug, you're fucked.
Like, I'm sorry, four stars.
What is the plug looking like?
I don't know. It's a DC 20 volt 9 amp fucking starfish.
Oh, like a little circle one?
You can't, you type that on the internet
and your sticks albums come up.
Like, it's not...
There's no way to replace it,
so I just have this aluminum brick.
All right, let's bring out our guest.
Wait, before we do,
does anybody have a pen that they don't care much about?
It's my pen, it's fucked.
Oh, shit, a pen.
He's got a pen, just chuck it on stage,
like I threw the ice out.
Fuck!
He just gets buried in pens.
That was a good throw.
That one hit me in the face, so I'm keeping that one.
A good throw.
Thank you.
I'm pretty excited about our pal
that's about to come out.
Kimbo Slice?
Let's bring out Kimbo...
Slice.
Is he the McCartney of the Kids in the Hall of the Lennon?
No, I would say he's the George Harrison.
Ooh.
Let's ask him, let's welcome Dave Foley, everybody.
Dave Foley!
Oh, hello.
Dave Foley.
I believe I'm the Billy Preston.
Wait, is that the guy from the...
No, wait, who's the guy that got left behind?
Oh, that was Pete Best.
There was Pete Best, then there was Stuart Sutcliffe,
who his brain exploded.
Yeah, no one talks about him.
Yeah, I know, and that was a pretty exciting story,
having your brain explode.
He was really talented, too, right?
No, he was terrible, he was a terrible bass player.
Damn, I was close.
Yeah, he was a shit bass player.
You had a 50-50 chance, Spencer.
You had a 50-50 chance on that one.
I was right on the edge of that 50-50.
Yeah, that's where you live, right on the edge.
He played with his back to the audience,
much like Sid Viciouswood years later.
And Miles Davis.
And Miles Davis, but they had just because he was an asshole, though.
Guy, because he hated his crowd.
Yeah, I once saw Miles Davis playing in the round
on a stage that rotated,
and he spent the entire night going...
Fuck!
So he was in hell then, right?
That's the worst thing you could do.
There was one little tunnel where the people came out of,
and that was the only place he could look at.
And he had a spot like a ballet dancer.
Remember when we were in Las Vegas and we took mushrooms,
and they kind of didn't take,
but everybody ended up in one hotel room,
and all of a sudden the mushrooms started to kick in
while Rob Schrab was describing the Neil Diamond concert
he had gone to with a couple of the other people.
The rest of us had all split up and had failure of a mushroom trip,
but then it was just Schrab describing the Neil Diamond concert
because there was this malfunctioning platform
that Neil Diamond was like,
everybody put it together for the brass section or whatever,
and there were like these platforms that weren't working.
And Schrab just for hours kept doing his impression of Neil Diamond
going like, they're coming to, what the fuck?
It was really funny.
We were just all laughing, like eight-year-olds for four hours.
Yeah, yeah.
I think the first time I met you, Dave,
because now you and I have been on the road quite a bit.
For about a year.
Doing hilarious live.
And the first time I met you,
was that your old house with the crazy precipitous Machu Picchu staircase?
Yes, yes.
And then all the lights went out and there was no way to get out
without breaking your ass on the way out.
Yes, that was our last party in that house,
up in the Hollywood Hills where we had some,
we had a party once that blocked traffic all the way from
Lookout Mountain all the way down to Sunset.
Okay, I remember, we have met several times,
but I bet not there, but I was at one of those parties
at your house in the 90s.
Yeah, in the late 90s.
There were a lot of parties at my house that I wasn't even at.
And yeah, there would be huge parties.
Rob Cohen and I used to throw our birthday party.
Canadian Rob Cohen.
But the party you were at was our last party.
Yeah, and the power went out, there was a huge blackout.
The whole, all of Laurel Canyon was blacked out.
And we had no furniture because we were moving out of the house.
There was nothing to do or see.
There was lots of booze.
And the pool was heated.
I didn't get that far.
And then we all kind of just like hold hands and walk down the hill together
and get the fuck out of that.
Here's how old we are.
I remember being in your backyard when I tested my first cell phone
with Rob Schrab.
We were in LA for a while before we got our first cell phones
and we got them at the same time so they were one number apart.
Which made us the biggest dorks.
And I remember, what's the guy's name?
This is before they even invented flip phones.
Technology just flipped open the phone, didn't exist yet.
No, these were clam shells.
I remember distinctly because we were testing them at this party
and we were like in a backyard.
And Dave Rath, I remember specifically.
Yeah, that makes sense.
The manager was like, this is a guy at that time
that you don't want to look like an idiot in front of, I guess.
His reputation precedes him as whatever.
You're like, oh god, there's that guy.
I've already heard of him and he doesn't know who I am.
And then we're like in the backyard and Schrab and I just don't even know
if these phones work so we called each other.
And then I just remember the mortifying realization
that everyone was looking at us.
And we were clearly just like these new kids in LA
who didn't know what cell phones were
and we're testing them in the backyard like walkie-talkies.
And how dorky that felt.
Have you ever considered, Dave, what beetle you would be in the kids in the hall?
Which beetle?
I thought we settled that earlier.
Let's let you weigh in.
Have you been compared to, like you are the Lenin or the McCartney
or the Harrison?
No, I don't know because we have an extra one.
Yeah, because it's finally you.
So I don't know, maybe McCartney.
I think you're like a McCartney.
Yeah, because you're cute.
And I was, yeah, and I'm nicer than McCullough.
So McCullough is the Lenin for sure, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
What's great about going on the road with Dave is we travel around
and now you've been sober for some good long time.
Almost five years now, yeah.
And we'll be like in Atlanta, like Georgia,
oh yeah, I went to jail there.
I passed out over there.
It's fun to go on the day fully.
I used to do bad things to her.
How many times have you been told, because there was a lot of drag work?
I don't know what the right term for it is.
Like you, in the kids in the hall, like you guys, there were no women in the tree.
We called it lady time.
Lady time?
Yeah.
How many times were you told how sexy you were as a viable woman?
Or was that just me and my mom?
Discussing how hot you were in a wig.
I would say it was probably on average every time.
Because it was like all the other guys, it was like, oh, everyone's funny.
Everyone's a lady.
That's funny.
But then it was like, oof.
Yeah, I heard it, yeah.
I know.
Well, Kevin in particular used to develop, like fall in love with some
of the women characters I would play.
And it was like really get under everything because he would just stare a lot.
And like our crew, like we had like old CBC crew, which you know, like government
employees.
And first they all hated us, but then they sort of grew to like, but I'd get
like this, these old crew guys coming up to me going, Dave, you're going to be
that redhead tonight.
Oh!
Oh, no, not today.
Oh, fuck.
All right, all right.
Is there a technique?
Is there something you tap into or when you would play a woman?
A lifetime of low-testosterone came in handy.
Do you know that you were on Jeopardy!
Last night?
I heard that.
Yeah, I didn't see it, but Kevin McDonnell texted me.
I was watching it with Laura last night and they said, there was a category of
Canadian television.
I'm like, there's no way there's not going to be a kids in the hall like answer
on that one.
But I think the only said you and Kevin, maybe one brother?
I saw the screen capture.
Yeah.
Was it just you two?
Yeah, it said the Canadian comedy troupe, including Dave Foley and Kevin McDonnell.
Yeah, so Bruce is fucking fucked off right now, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he's got one fewer TVs in his house.
That's what happens, huh?
That's terrifying.
I always imagined now because I have a pool for the first time, so now I'm always
characterizing everything.
I was like, well, look, this isn't going to, I just want to keep that pool filled.
And I like to imagine like if I eat it on a Rick and Morty script, like a couple
of gallons comes out of the pool.
It's just like, I'll be down there and like two feet of water, like typing.
I remember the first time I saw your face on television when I was still in Milwaukee,
it was the monologue, a good attitude towards menstruation.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That was the...
Please give them time to applaud.
Please.
That was literally the first time.
I had no idea what the show was.
Back then you flipped through channels, so it was like just boom, there was your adorable
apple face, your pure, handsome...
I'd hit it if it was a woman face and hit it like sexually, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yes.
Let's make that perfectly clear.
He means hitting it in a fun, sexual way.
He means strike up a conversation and work his way up to consensual sex with it.
But that was a great monologue.
Did you write that?
I did, yeah.
And it still holds up, I think.
Well, I haven't gone back and watched it, but comedy does not age well.
And then like the monologue is about how you have a good attitude towards menstruation.
And it's like, I would believe that if you read it today, it wouldn't be like, oh, that
didn't age well.
No, I think it's...
Yeah, it stands up, I think.
Do you remember?
Do it.
I don't remember all.
Hi, my name is Dave Foley and I have...
A good attitude towards menstruation.
That's right, I'm the guy.
The guy with a good attitude towards menstruation.
Oh, I know a lot of men are made uncomfortable by this monthly miracle, but not me.
No, I embrace it.
I embrace it the way some men embrace the weekend.
I look forward to it the way a child...
I anticipate it the way a child anticipates Christmas.
I can't remember any more of it.
Wow.
Yeah, I don't remember.
But I remember the phrase, celebrate her fecundity, isn't there?
Fecundity, yes.
Oh, yes.
Fecundity and pampering, and I'd mop her brown, admire her fecundity.
People don't call each other fecund anymore.
No, well, so few of us are.
I'm occasionally fecund.
Yeah, how would you know?
Have you ever put it through the test?
I guess not.
No, well, there you go.
Me, my sperm is so motile, I could be getting someone pregnant right now.
Yeah?
You have airborne sperm.
My sperm?
Just my sperm sneak out.
Yeah.
In the middle of the night.
Yeah, you're like the West Nile virus of date rape.
I don't know what it was.
Why is it do you think when you...
I don't know how it got rapey, I don't...
I think I'm just saying that it was...
I think my sperm go out and they talk a good game.
Okay.
Yeah.
You have charming airborne sperm.
They're Canadian sperm.
They're not going to sell each other out to get to the egg.
No, no.
They're wingman.
They're like those chipmunks.
After you.
No, after you.
And also in Canada, your sperm has to be on the air...
What's the percentage of sperm airtime on...
Well, you have...
All of your sperm have to be 20% Canadian.
And they have to speak French.
And English, yes.
You have to come in French.
Yeah.
So most unwanted children are Dave Foley's and Colin Makris.
Everybody.
Yeah.
That's nice.
Somebody laughed because it was too close to home.
Are you a Toronto guy?
I am.
Yeah.
Is that everybody?
Was everybody from Toronto and the kids?
Most of us.
Well, also you did more than kids in the hall.
I know I'm like, was everybody...
Is Lorne Michaels from Toronto too?
He is.
Yeah.
He was from Toronto.
You were talking about the origin story of you guys with Lorne and the brain candy.
I love that movie.
You're alone.
Yeah.
But what was the deal?
Why did that kind of didn't get released?
Well, it got released, but it was supposed to be released on something like a thousand
screens, but the troupe, and at this point I had quit the troupe, but so they were still
making the movie, and they fought very hard for a character named Cancer Boy, which is
funny because it's a character that I originally wrote into our TV show.
So they fought to keep Cancer Boy, and Paramount really wanted Cancer Boy out, and then I guess
Bruce got on the phone and badgered somebody at Paramount, and they finally said, all right,
you can have Cancer Boy, and they called up Lorne and said, hey, we won.
We got Cancer Boy, and Lorne went, oh, that's wonderful.
And so as a result of keeping Cancer Boy in, they cut it from something like a thousand
screens to 400 screens, and they cut all of the television advertising.
So and you know, that's not important to a film release.
Because, yeah, you want to reach the people that are at the rodeo with Cancer Boy.
Just put something on the side of a steer.
So can I talk about the origin story of Dave coming on to Who's Live Anyway?
Sure.
Ryan, we were in Chicago, Ryan got ill and couldn't do the shows, and we were fucked
because we had like a bunch of gigs to do, and our agent at APA, Josh, called you up
like what, at midnight?
It was 11 o'clock at night, yeah.
Yeah, LA time.
Yeah, it was one or two Chicago time, and they're like, okay, we have Dave Foley flying
in tomorrow and to save this.
And Dave Foley came in, you hadn't done improv in-
30 years.
Yeah.
And I think the very first scene that we did, you and I were on the ground, scissoring each
other.
Uh-huh.
It was like, this guy is perfect, you're up for anything, and you do the most abstract
characters, like I love you doing our version of crap improv, because you do like kind of
abstruse right field characters, like very weird, it's fucking great.
But you and I were laying on the ground and just absolutely scissor-fucking each other.
I can't remember why.
Huh?
No.
Don't ask why.
It's fantastic.
Yeah.
Why don't you guys do some improv from this like, I don't know if you're aware of this,
what we've been doing here.
Oh, shit.
Have you been reading from a script?
Oh, yeah.
Who here is from out of town?
Who's from out of town?
Raise your hand.
Oh, shit.
All of you?
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
All right.
You met him right here.
What's your name?
Nadia.
Are you Russian or?
I'm from London.
London?
Yeah.
Why do you have a Russian name?
It's herbian.
Oh.
Oh, shit.
Give Dan a position that people only do in Serbia, like a physical position, like a pose.
That would be a very Serbian pose.
That sounds good.
Dan, get water from the well.
You're going to get water?
Dan?
Yeah.
Out of your state, Dan.
Take your mic.
Dan, you're going to be going to get water from the well.
Is anybody here from Croatia?
Any other Balkans here?
Yeah.
Do you have any Balkans?
Who's here from South America?
We'll get to Rwanda later.
Rwanda.
Who's here from South America?
Central America.
America.
There we go.
You are here.
Give.
That's our spot.
What's your name?
Zen.
Zen?
Yeah, I know what Zen means.
Like Buddhism.
She had to explain Zen.
Well, she's just telling you, because you might have thought her name.
She might have thought it was Zen, or she's...
What's your real name that people can't pronounce?
No.
Stop fighting, everyone.
Zen.
You're not very Zen.
Give Dave Foley a Zen posture or pose?
Okay, cool.
Let's do this.
No, no.
Just say it.
Oh, you're going to come and do it for us?
All right.
That's fine, too.
All right, Zen.
Oh, wow.
Welcome Zen to the stage, everybody.
Show Dave Foley what he's going to do.
All improv should be like this.
Give him a...
Hi, Dave Foley.
I'm Zen.
Hi, Zen.
Can I get a name?
Zen with an M?
Oh, yes!
Zen.
I'm just going to do this now.
All right.
You got that?
Let's give it up for Zen, everybody.
Zen, thank you.
Let's give it up for Zen.
Zen.
Go away.
All right.
So, here we are.
So, Dave has this pose.
Dan is getting water from the well, and now we are going to take you to a scene that encapsulates
these physical positions.
Pretty sure it's your fault.
So, I should have been thinking of something funny this whole time.
No!
That's scripting.
That's a rookie mistake, Dan.
All right.
Okay.
So, if I do one cartwheel, you'll give me that human head.
Right?
Freeze!
Are you both frozen?
He tapped him!
You did!
Okay.
I might have tapped him.
Maybe you're just, it was an encouraging tap.
Ladies and gentlemen, for one night and one night only, Canadian Elvis Presley.
Oh, shit.
Hey, everybody.
I just want to say I'm sorry.
We did improv.
You see, it's like riding a bicycle, David.
It's like riding a bicycle.
Although it doesn't get you anywhere.
But it's fun, right?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it was fun.
It was weird because when they called, as I said, it was like 11 o'clock at night.
And I remember, I was tired.
So, my only thought was, well, I got to drive my daughter to something tomorrow.
So, if I can get someone to drive her, I'll be there.
That was what I called.
And you were on a plane like at 6 a.m.
Yeah, I had to be on a flight at 6 a.m. to get there in time for the show.
You saved our bacon.
Our Canadian bacon.
I was probably when I got on the plane and I went, oh, I don't improvise.
Yeah.
Well, that brought back some bad flashbacks for me.
Were you ever in an improv group?
Yeah, when I was a little tight, yeah.
That's how Dan and I met.
We did comedy sports.
Oh, you were in comedy sports?
I was in LA comedy sports.
And he and Rob were Milwaukee comedy sports.
I was getting like 94, I think.
So, yeah, kids know we were all theater sports up in Canada.
All right.
Same thing.
Yeah.
Keith Johnstone.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, that lit up all the wrong parts of my brain.
I was, that thing of playing to the, you know, trying to get the laugh.
And I was never good at it.
And it always made me feel sad.
What do you mean you weren't good at playing for the laugh?
I saw you be funny and go for the laugh all the time.
Well, I think it's like those freeze games and like kind of, I don't know.
You're more of a long form guy, Dan.
Yeah.
Can I get a, can I get a Dutch playwright?
Just run on stage.
We're going to do an eight hour Herald.
Yes.
I heard, I heard Ibsen.
I heard Ibsen.
Can we, let's get a title of an Ibsen play.
The Dollhouse.
Can I have some better lighting, please?
Perfect.
Thank you.
We now take you to act two of The Dollhouse by Henry Gibson.
What have I done?
We now take you to act three of Ibsen's The Dollhouse.
Which wire?
Are you sure?
How could you not be sure?
Hold on to your butts.
Dollhouse.
You see improv's not, it doesn't change over time.
Improv is still improv.
Yeah.
I think that was Enemy of the People.
You ever see that movie, Executive Decision?
Nope.
It was pretty bad, but they did one fun thing, which is that Stephen Segal was in it, and
he was on all the posters, and it was like, Stephen Segal, Kurt Russell, and Oliver Platt
are Executive Decision.
How can they all be, how can they all three be Executive Decision?
It was the name of their improv group.
But in like the first eight minutes of the movie, Stephen Segal just without warning
just gets sucked out of the airplane.
And that's part of that.
It's like, oh, they had their whole mission planned, and he was like the alpha, and then
he just dies right away.
It was kind of a fun thing.
Was that in the script, or they just thought, fuck, we hate this guy.
I think that was the first week of shooting rewrite.
Yeah, it could have evolved out of working with Segal.
I don't know.
He's supposed to be the worst person, right?
I heard he actually hurts people in those action scenes.
Like he's like, I can't act, so I'm just really going to break your arm.
He will punch and actually make contact with the stunt guy, which you're not supposed to do.
No, and it's arguably easy not to do.
And if you're a martial artist, you really should be even better at not hitting people.
It's arguably your job not to hit people.
And if you complain, you're allowed to not be on the movie anymore.
But also, I think there's a great story, and I forget who it was, but the stunt coordinator
completely busted his ass.
Like, just counterpunched him and just knocked him out.
Fuck you, Segal.
Also, at some point, he just started wearing shower curtains.
He got so fat that he just wore, like, not even Mumus.
Mumus is too polite a word for what Stephen Segal started wearing.
Mumus are too fitted.
Okay, there's been a change of plans.
We're going to go down there.
We're going to be ghosts.
Only ghosts.
There was this movie where I put a clip of it on my Instagram.
If you scroll back, you'll see it.
But it's like, it's just a wig.
Clearly, it was like he got 300 pounds and he painted a Dracula widow's peak on his head.
And he kept doing, like, even shittier and shittier movies.
And he kept, like, if you watch those latter-day movies, he's, like,
clearly like, I'm not going to re-memorize the script.
I'll just talk.
I'm Stephen Segal.
What am I doing in this scene?
Telling my sidekick that we're on a mission.
Okay, we're on a mission.
It's going to be good.
We now take you to act two.
Stephen Segal has portrayed by Dan Harmon.
Whatever it's called.
Damien.
We got a mission.
Okay.
There's nothing to get excited about.
We're going to go fight some bad guys.
Okay.
It's just a big deal.
I'm all over the plot.
I'm just here for comic relief.
Mmm.
Get in the boat.
And we're on the bayou.
On the bayou.
It's just a mission on the bayou.
Where are we rowing to?
Cage.
It's where Cajuns are from.
Cajuns.
How long have you been in demolitions?
Well, it's kind of a family thing.
My grandfather was in demolitions.
And my father, when I came of age.
Hold on.
Okay.
I'm going to make a three-point turn.
It's on alligator.
All right.
I'm going to beat the shit out of him.
Hey, alligator.
You like picking on tough guys?
I mean, are you a tough guy?
You like picking on non-tough guys?
Well, you can't talk?
What are you, some kind of reptile?
Come here.
I lost my oars.
Yeah.
It's supposed to be connected to the boat.
And the alligator is a protected species, you know.
It's not from where I'm standing.
Chop it.
The watch is really tossing the boat around.
Damn it.
You!
What?
Down there in the boat.
It's Kurt Russell.
I just want my truck back.
This is a boat.
Yeah.
Chop, chop, chop, chop, chop.
There goes the chopper.
You see, improv is not hard.
It's not a hard...
It's not a difficult art form.
No.
It's all you...
Yeah.
It's like painting if all painting was Jackson Pollock.
No.
It doesn't have to make any sense.
Who day for you, you're self excluded.
Who do you think was the most naturally funny kid from the kids in the home?
Naturally.
It's like born funny made you laugh the most.
Kevin McDonald.
Yeah, Kevin.
Open the door!
Who is the least funny?
Who didn't have a funny bone in their whole body?
That's varied over the years.
I'm kidding, of course.
I had a good time drinking with McKinney.
I had met Scott.
Collecting my kids in the hall encounters like a Voltron.
I've actually never met Bruce.
No.
Either of I.
But I finally met McKinney fairly recently.
Recently?
We were posing a fun horror movie together and we hung out at Tribeca.
He was a real fun guy to hang out with.
That's good.
Did you guys ever, and you can say no comment and let's move on,
but I'm curious, did you guys ever have actual, were there incidents that were dramatic,
falling outs or anything, or was it more kind of like...
We had a falling out that lasted 35 years.
We always fought.
Was it passive aggressive or was it...
No, it was a lot of yelling.
It was Scott.
There was a lot of breaking furniture.
It was vicious right from the very start of it.
Who was your first ally?
Was it you and Kevin?
Yeah.
Kevin and I were in a group with a guy named Lucie Casemiri.
The three of us never fought.
We were always very nice to each other.
Then we joined up with Mark and Bruce and some other guys, Frank van Kieken, Gary Campbell.
Yeah, I think that's it, those guys.
They were horrible.
They were just the worst human beings I'd ever met.
Because you were used to being with people that you trusted and liked and there was no fighting.
And then you found out that it could be political and crap all the time.
Yeah, because we would be supportive of them and they asked each other and they would give notes like,
oh, my problem with that sketch is that you're a piece of shit as a human being.
And that was kind of the level of debate.
I remember our improv troupe, The Dead Ale Wives, we would do things like there was one,
we would have notes sessions after the show, which I was like, oh man, can we not?
It was just like, what are we going to do?
Tell each other I wish you were different on stage.
We weren't professional enough to take notes and get better.
We were just guys that were trained in short form that wanted to say fucking go longer.
It was just the notes thing.
It was mean.
Who was the main note giver?
Because there's not only one person that wants to be the person that wants to settle some hatch up.
It totally varied.
And there would be in the few short years where we were all together, there were sort of rotating alliances,
like somebody's got a beef with someone else and they're kind of expressing that through giving them more notes after the show.
It's coming out on stage that this person thinks that that person's not funny,
or this person thinks that that person is selfish and mean on stage or whatever,
and it's getting expressed in different ways.
It's like trying to hold a family together.
Because you're together in this supposedly high stakes thing.
I'm imagining and trying to imagine your situation because we were in Milwaukee and had no chance of being,
but the stakes were that high for us that they were, that was our thing and that was our family and that was our life.
So I can't imagine.
You got to say that Bruce and Mark moved from Calgary to Toronto to make it,
which shows how dumb they are.
And we did, I think it was, we used to fight, even before we had, when we were just doing our club shows,
we used to fight so much that there'd be like rumors going all around town,
oh, there won't be a show this week.
No, there's no way they could get on stage together after the things they said to each other.
Was that from very early on?
Like from the get go, you guys were already at each other's threshold.
But for us, it was like we would fight like dogs all the way up until the show time.
And then once we got on stage, we loved each other again.
And we would have a great time doing the show.
Because the show is the show and that's why you were there.
Yeah, and then after the show, by the end of the show, we'd usually be drunk.
And we'd just hang out all night and have a great time.
So it was the lead up that was the problem?
Yeah, we're great.
Once we're performing, everyone's great.
And actually, everyone gives great notes. Once we've decided what we're doing,
everyone's really good.
But it's the deciding what we're going to do is when we fight.
People have ownership of bits and stuff.
Like I think we should do the chicken drive-thru.
And then someone's like, I hate that sketch, but they don't want to say I hate that sketch.
So they say maybe we've done chicken drive-thru too many times and then it just erupts.
No, kids know how we just say I hate that sketch.
That was our version of diplomacy.
Who claimed that we never did that sketch?
That would be his way.
And Mark had a gift that if it was four to one against Mark, Mark would consider that a draw.
That's very Canadian to me.
Canadians get off too easy with the whole, it stops at just the politeness thing.
It's like the politeness comes with extreme capacity for argumentation.
Like argumentiveness.
It seems like general statements are inherently problematic.
The politeness belies a lot of withholding.
You're suppressing a lot of shit.
It's easy to say I'm sorry, but you really hate everything that's going on.
Again, because we never suppressed anything.
That would have been sweet, a little repression, and it would have been nice.
I remember when I first started doing stuff with people that weren't the kids in the hall,
I was really startled at how fragile everyone was.
Why the fuck is everyone crying?
That's interesting, in general, what was your family like?
Was it functional, dysfunctional?
All of our families were horribly dysfunctional.
Most of us had alcoholic dads.
Most of us came from broken homes that wouldn't quite break.
Parents that would just sort of perforated homes were just dangling.
All of us had alcoholic dads except for McKinney.
His dad was a diplomat, which I guess is worse.
At some point in your life, did therapy or how do you approach your self-care?
I did therapy when I was trying to find a way to end my first marriage.
It worked.
I started out in couples therapy, and then I sort of hung in there for a while.
I did that too, even though my couples therapist was like,
she helped the couple that I was in get married,
and then we got divorced in like eight months,
but I kept going to her, and every once in a while I'll bring it up.
You know, of course, you kind of a failure as a...
You had one job, but...
I went to the schedule therapy, and partway through the therapy,
my wife took off back to Canada with my kids,
and then I just kept going there for a while
because she kept telling me I was nicer than her.
And then eventually she said, you know, you don't have to go anymore.
And then when I got married again, and then my second wife and I were having problems,
I went to the same couples therapist, and we split up.
So it's not very good as a couple.
But the current wife you're happy with, and everything's going...
Well, I'm back together with my second wife.
Oh, right, now things are groovy again, yeah.
Yeah, my second wife is my third wife.
Wow.
After a 10-year gap.
Yeah, that would be a fun, like, Latter-day Matt Damon movie.
Second third wife.
She's...
Yeah, who'll be the wife?
The...
Born to Lose.
Like, Born Identity? I don't know.
Oh, I thought you were trying to make up an actress's name.
Yeah, Born to Lose.
Born to Lose.
Is this roller derby?
Here comes Born to Lose.
Schindiggers taking it in the...
Cratchzilla's got it up on the wall.
What is it?
I just read an article about when to know when to stop going to therapy.
When you're done.
I felt weird opening the article, but then I felt immediately great
because the article and the professionals cited within it
all immediately indicated,
this is going to make you feel weird having this conversation with yourself
or with your... And here's why and here's whatever.
I mean, what's your relationship been with therapy?
It was really literally one day,
we were in the middle of a session, and the therapist said,
you know, you don't have to keep coming.
And I said, oh, well, I didn't want to offend you.
That was her saying that you're good to go?
Yeah, you don't need to be here.
And did you stop?
Yeah, that was the last session.
That's great.
So she's like, yeah, you nailed it.
It's a little sad because I mean, but if you're a therapist,
breathe your salt, you do understand going into the job,
which is something I wouldn't have known.
I'm a little more cynical than that.
I would think that they're just like, they never even confront this idea.
But they're actually like, if they want to be a good therapist,
they're thinking, my job is to make it so this person never has to come see me again.
And it's kind of like a prostitute
in that it's an intimate thing, you know, having this guy.
And also, I found you're not supposed to kiss them on the mouth.
Right.
And they're called mental health workers now.
Yeah, yeah.
Also, a prostitute psychologist can blow your mind.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was a nice grown, grown, grown applause.
Oh, I've got more.
That was problem atop laws.
They were like, hey.
San Fonzi.
Hey.
Yeah, I think the signs are if you
if you have internalized everything so you kind of just hear your therapist's voice in your head a lot
in situations where you're like, oh, this is what she would say about this.
And if you're when you're going into your sessions, you're kind of like starting to make shit up.
Like, like reasons to be there.
Spencer, have you ever gone to therapist?
Oh, yeah.
I love it.
How's that going?
I wish my therapist would be like, you know, you don't have to keep coming.
Spencer's seeing Jeremy Piven as a therapist.
Oh, it's great.
He just wants him to get a haircut and stop playing Gunges and Dragons.
Do you currently go Spencer?
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to go tomorrow.
Oh boy.
What's going on with that?
Tell us something really intimate about your therapy.
I was talking about how the most interesting probably the most valuable thing my therapist
ever said happened at last session.
He's like, you know, you seem to be alone a lot and I was like, thank you.
I'm trying to tell people and it was like there's probably the first time I got what
felt like a genuine valuable insight from him because most of what he's most of the
time I go therapy.
I'm like blah, blah, blah, and he's like, you know, and I'm like, yeah, no, I know
that, and then I'm like blah, blah, blah, blah, and he's like, you know, and I'm like,
that's a stupid observation.
But like this is the first time I was like, hey, that's the kind of thing a therapist
would say when you give them money to talk about shit that you're alone a lot.
Well, just yeah.
I don't know.
Was there a follow-up to that?
No.
I was like, come on.
What the fuck?
That's all.
I've been here so many times.
That's like the one grain of rice you give me.
This is literally, he's as therapeutic as a bully.
He's saying all the same things a bully says.
He's telling you to cut your hair.
No bully has told me I'm alone a lot.
Yeah.
I'd love to hear that.
You don't have any friends.
Cut your hair.
No one says that.
I'd love to hear that.
He only knows you when he's with you.
So you're never alone when you're with like he only knows you not being alone.
You go into that asshole.
Jordan Peterson for their yeah, I've been clean in my room in your room.
Stand up straight.
You know what?
Lobsters do.
Huh?
You know what?
Lobsters do.
What do they do when their friends are in a bucket?
They have diamond dominance hierarchies.
Oh, wait.
It was right.
Lobsters have friends.
Lobsters have friends in a bucket.
Yep.
Like you mean like a lobster pot.
They're trapped.
They're going to get no lobster bucket in a not a trap.
It's not a pot.
Is that his plate?
Oh's cave.
Yeah.
Well JP JP has a lot of dominance hierarchy stuff as well as like it's all just a bucket
like who cares which lobster is more red.
He's like all all beings have sexism.
Look at lobsters.
Okay.
Perfect example.
And apparently he will claim that the dominance hierarchies are a good thing because the best
always rise to the top in lobsters.
Yeah.
They won't be lucky if you know this.
But Donald Trump's the president.
Yeah yeah.
Yeah.
Jordan you might wanna go back to Canada and shut up.
It's good stuff.
JP JP would you die for me as I know that so Zazos that calm I just listen to Jesus
Christ superstar while I was cleaning my video lab.
I met not nearly Ted Healy Ted Nealy.
Oh, Ted Neely, I was like, he met Ted Healy.
I meant, you know, why would I bring that up?
How old are you?
Yeah.
What's your video?
Who's Ted Neely?
He was Jesus.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
Jesus Christ.
Stop seeing your therapist.
No.
My video lab is.
Yeah, you should get a better video lab.
Yeah, no, I know.
I bought eight GoPros for Sony handcams
and a video switcher.
Two cockle shells and a partition or pear tree.
And I'm figuring out how to do a live broadcast.
And I live broadcast my workouts on Instagram.
And I was pointing.
With eight GoPros, you can do that bullet time effect.
Yeah, 60 frames per second, baby.
But yeah, I've been learning.
Could you mount the other thing inside the pool, like we talked about?
I got my waterproof housing.
Is this like a Chuck Berry story?
Yeah.
It's more like a Denny Thomas story.
Yeah, I got waterproof cameras so that people
can watch me practice my flip turns.
It's a little hobby.
I'm enjoying it.
Do you think that the filming of your workouts
helps you get in better shape?
Is that a motivating factor for you?
Yeah.
I think it's kind of a double-edged sword
because that's something I can both get consumed with
and I could also get bored with it possibly.
But it's sort of like the alternative
is I'm not going to just keep working out just because, like,
oh, it's like, I don't know, I'm playing a semi-self-aware game
with how my brain works by turning my workouts into a thing that
has like a nerdy quotient to it.
But it's kind of a loaded non-gun or an unloaded actual gun
of or a double-edged gun sword that
shoots little hilt bullets that themselves have no edge
but are explosive in that, like, yeah, historically,
I will challenge myself with things that I'm bad at
and then I'll learn the fuck out of them
for the dopamine spike of conquering this thing
and then I'll just get aggressively bored
and just walk away.
I just opened up, like, Logic Pro today.
And I was like, I had forgotten every single thing
that I learned about how to make a little song.
Like, I don't know, I don't remember all the hot keys.
It's like, why did I spend all that time learning?
Have you got the dive?
Good yet, because you were doing the floppy legs thing.
Have you got the dive ripped, like, are you?
I like to think I'm keeping my legs a little straighter.
I had some floppy legs on my dives.
Oh, I guess so, yeah.
You know what I started doing, Dave?
Is I took off my nose clip.
Oh, that's a big workout.
And on the flips, that's a big voice.
Then do you get water up?
Do you have to breathe out?
I can't do the flips yet.
That's like wasabi in the nose when I flip.
Because you've got to breathe out, I guess, or something?
Yeah, you've got to get to the end, like, so, yeah.
Yeah, you exhale when you're going upside down.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I should try that.
There's no air in my lungs, brother.
I've just swam a whole pool length.
I'm like, coach also wants you to work on those floppy legs.
Anywho, were you ever in a comedy troupe, Spencer?
Oh, yeah.
I was on this podcast called Harmontown.
Oh, I guess they've heard of it.
I heard it died after 17 years.
Yeah.
A lot of fighting, a lot of notes.
Yeah, what people don't know is after every Harmontown,
we go back into the green room and really fucking
get into it, about the minutiae of every joke
is under a microscope.
It's all punch up, though.
It's good.
Right.
Makes it better.
Yeah, like, look how good the show is.
How many shows do we have left?
What's the shot clock on right now?
What's today?
Seven?
It's Monday.
We've got maybe eight shows left.
All right, I can only do eight of them.
Hell, yeah.
That's all I've made record.
Did you ever play in D&D, Dave?
I've never played D&D.
You want to try and be a little like a guest character
and a little role-playing?
Sure, because, you know, because D&D and video games
both kind of broke when I was a kid,
just after I started having sex.
Right.
That's a bad timing.
And there was just no turning back from there.
Do you think there was a correlation there that you
created D&D and video games by fucking people?
Other people would say, hey, have you
heard about this D&D?
I said, I'd love to hear about it, but I'm fucking right now.
Well, what about some video games?
Same deal.
I got some fucking to do when I'm done.
Maybe we can talk about it.
So what year are we talking?
Early 80s?
This is late 70s, I guess, early 70s.
Well, I guess, no, I lasted my virginity in 1980, I guess.
So you were hitting that early hip-hop pussy.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That Sugar Hill gang rapping about peas and carrots.
Yeah, look at me.
He was fucking to Melly Mel.
Yeah.
See, nobody laughs because that's too fucking deep a track.
Yeah, I was fucking to Pink Floyd's The Wall, which
is really quite a, if you can stay erect during anything
by Roger Waters.
If your lover can stay in a relationship
with a guy who's playing Pink Floyd because that's all
his songs are about his mommy letting him down
after his daddy died, did they?
Yeah.
Has anybody achieved orgasm during Pink Floyd,
or is that in person?
Only Roger Waters.
Today, talk about this little asterisk
because I had written this down as a note,
but I'm usually blackout drunk by the middle of the show.
But did I mention the thing?
I was like, did you think Pink Floyd had a manager?
And so many Pink Floyd songs have a cigar,
but it's just a theme in Pink Floyd songs
where they go meta and talk about how shitty the record
business is and show biz and all this stuff.
Do you think they had a really nice manager who's like, guys.
Yeah.
I thought we got along, and they're like, no, it's a character.
It's a thing.
Well, you're perpetuating a stereotype about my vocation.
Are you not happy with the hotel?
Do you think that I'm only interested in money?
I care about you.
I like that the job pays.
I'm pretty transparent about it.
I hear this latest single, and I'm like,
is that an impression of me?
You wanted to do a concert in Pompeii.
I said, OK.
I finished my pudding.
Why am I one of these characters coming out
and putting your soul on trial with your mom
and your English professor?
That's crazy.
Come on.
I never shot you up with heroin.
Turned you into a Nazi with shaved eyebrows?
I didn't do that.
I went.
Well, just Pink Floyd references.
I don't know a whole lot of Pink Floyd.
I'm pretty proud that by 1981, I realized
that the wall was shit.
I think that was pretty fast.
I think that was pretty fast off the mark.
I would never go that far.
I'm afraid we'll never reach that apotheosis.
I'm 46, and I'll make it.
Oh, it's a terrible album.
Well, if you take out all the Roger Watersongs,
it's not bad.
Come on.
Wow.
Canadian Shots, Fires, Townia.
I love it.
I never, I won't bother to like, because I
feel like my taste in music is so unqualified and bad
that I'm afraid of the glasshouse of ever saying.
I'll be like, this Katy Perry song is fine.
I'm afraid if I step on the slightest footstool of snobbery,
I'll immediately do a triple flip and break my neck,
because people will be like, what do you listen to?
And I'll be like, eh, don't look at those underwear.
Like, I don't know.
Brian Posein came up to me and said, hey,
I heard you have a bit where you can talk anybody out
of their love of Rush.
And he goes, I fucking love Rush.
You go, I can't talk Brian Posein out of Loving Rush.
I could talk anybody else out of Loving Rush,
because Brian Posein loves his Rush, but wow.
I'll set you up with Alex Lifeson sometime.
With who?
The guitar player from Rush.
Oh, really?
See, I hate you for even knowing that.
I remember being in the car with you and Jack Black,
and then some Led Zeppelin came up.
And you're like, Led Zeppelin sucks.
And you talk for like two minutes.
And then Jack Black was like, nah.
And it was so unmistakable.
You're just like, all right, well, that's fine.
You know, that's all.
Yeah, but like, because it's like an open.
I have no leg to stand on.
Like, I have no credentials, because I know and like sticks
more than the Pink Floyd.
And they're a worst band.
Yeah, they are a worst band, no matter what the other band
you're talking about is.
It is.
Well, if sticks and Pink Floyd are bad, then what's good?
Right.
Katy Perry?
I got to go see sticks with people.
I saw sticks live.
Yeah, are they Canadian?
No.
No, no.
I saw them on the Crystal Ball tour.
Where are sticks from?
America.
They're yours.
I got invited by Diva Zappa to go see them at the Greek.
And they opened for Yes, who I truly hate.
They're the worst of Prague.
I would rather suck Geddy Lee's balls
than go to a Yes concert.
And we were backstage, and I asked Tommy, what's his name?
Tommy Shaw, who took over from the other guy that
used to be the lead singer.
And I go, Yes is on, like you don't want to go watch him?
And he goes, no, I've seen him.
Yeah, fuck yes.
Yeah.
I don't have an intent to think of a band that I like hate.
What's that song?
Like, nope, nope, nope.
No, no, that's sticks.
What's the fucking word?
Roundabout.
OK, Roundabout is a Yes song.
I don't really feel that way about like, like, like, like.
I was running a game.
Like, there's bands and singers that I recognize are good,
because again, I have no confidence in my own taste.
But I hate them the way I hate Apocalypse Now and stuff
like that, where I like, I resent the idea
that I'm not allowed to, to not be in love with them.
Like Elvis Costello, I have, I don't, I don't, I don't.
Hold on.
I don't hate Elvis Costello, but I,
I hate the phenomenon of not being allowed
to hate Elvis Costello.
I like a couple of Elvis Costello songs.
I know, Dave, you love Elvis Costello.
But here's where the Elvis Costello,
I heard quote saying that called Led Zeppelin,
I believe he called them egregious charlatans.
Wow.
Yeah.
I just, he, he pushes through his nose too much.
It's so nasal.
Like, I, like, like, it's so fucking nasal.
I can't.
Well, I guess goodbye Bob Dylan too.
I fucking, I fucking hate Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan is a fucking fraud and a fucking plagiarist
to fuck Bob Dylan.
Yeah.
Damn it.
I mean, who, give me sticks any day.
Yeah.
Sticks, first concert I ever bought a joint at was at Sticks.
Uh-huh.
I, first time I ever bought drugs at a concert was at Sticks
when I was like 16.
Good for you, good for you.
Yeah.
What kind of drugs was it?
I bought weed.
I bought some, I bought some rolled joints.
Classic.
From a dude behind me.
Said, hey dude, you got some extra joints you can sell.
Was that dude a robot?
And did you say Domo Arigato to him?
Sticks doesn't sing that in concert anymore
because they're ashamed of that song.
They actually don't, they don't do fucking Roboto.
Fuck Sticks.
What's Japanese for, no thank you.
No Domo Arigato.
No Mo Arigato.
No Mo.
No.
That's good.
Yeah, see here's the thing, like I don't, like the Dao De Jing
says when you, if some things become beautiful,
other things become ugly, like when you're talking about music,
like if some, if there's such a thing as a shitty band,
you know this music sucks, then like, I like Phil Collins,
but I recognize probably along with Phil Collins that like,
you know, 85% of his stuff is like Styrofoam
and who knows about the last 15%, but like that he's prolific.
He just like, he, and he wouldn't be able to be
if he listened to these thoughts that you're giving voice to
when you talk about music.
I was just saying, we drove by Ellis Island,
we must have talked about in the show,
but Dan sang Susu Studio and took his shirt off
during the song, security came in,
then Las Vegas PD came in, and we had to,
Yeah, it was a whole thing.
Dan had to change his clothes like,
like Sylvester Stallone and Victory,
where he had to sneak him out of the fucking arena and-
Which aren't you allowed to do?
Take your shirt off or sing Susu Studio?
The shirt off, which I was so surprised by
until I really thought about it.
Because you're being goaded on by the woman that ran the bar,
like the bartender, she was like, like hyping you up kind of, right?
Did she work there? There was an older woman,
she had a cigarette dangling from her mouth.
There were two racist women,
there was a mother and daughter team who were virulently racist,
who were talking shit about this very handsome black guy
who was wearing a nice suit,
and they were saying awful, awful racist stuff,
but clearly the mother wanted to fuck the black guy.
And then some college kids came in and sat on the front table,
and it was me, you, Nick Vanne, Sam Simon of Simpsons fame,
Schrab was there, a couple of the people,
and then Dan got up and started singing Susu Studio.
And he was being kind of peppered on by, I think,
either the bartender or the karaoke...
It was a fairly empty place,
and then there was like one kind of senior woman
who had this kind of charisma to her,
because she was like into it,
and so she came up to the foot of the stage
and was like kind of dancing to me doing Susu Studio,
and she was encouraging me, and I was playing to her,
and then she said, like, take it off or something like that.
So Dan started kind of sexually slowly, like...
So being a long-form improviser.
Yeah.
Started taking his shirt off, and now the crowd has gone...
Lock, yeah.
The crowd has gone potty, now it's fucking hype.
Then the security guard comes in, and he goes,
Hey, you can't...
Yeah, well, I was taking my pants off as well.
Yeah, well, there.
Dan got completely shirtless,
and now the eight college kids, the two racist ladies,
the black guy, everybody was freaking out,
and it was really good.
And then two security guards come in wearing yellow shirts,
and they had like mace...
I feel like, and the hand was over the mace.
On a taser?
Yeah, they came out, not weapons drawn,
but weapons at the ready.
And here was my mistake,
and I know I've told the story of this podcast before,
but you might as well finish it.
Here was my mistake, Dave Foley.
All right.
The security came in, and as soon as they said,
like, you can't do that, you can't take our clothes off in here.
And I was like, as soon as they said that,
I was mortified, I was like, oh, okay,
I didn't, I started putting my clothes back on.
And then I misguided, like,
I thought I would do a bit that...
In this mistaken world where I live in,
where everyone shares my entire vocabulary of references,
I thought I would do an impression of Bono
in the YouTube video,
where they're getting shut down by the police on the rooftop.
And I thought the security guards would have a laugh,
and everyone would laugh, because I was like,
it looks like they're trying to shut us down.
But no one got the reference.
They thought I was being completely sincere.
But that was the tipping point that everything was.
They were like, let them dance!
Just let them dance!
And in this Christmas tree of bad decision-making,
the security guards take that to heart
and start engaging with the hecklers,
and going like, hey, I don't tell you how to do your job,
and then the people are like, what job, you fucking pig?
But the woman, the elderly racist woman
that was trying to fuck the black guy,
even though she kept dropping horrible epithets
at him whenever he walked away,
she spit on one of the security guards.
And that's when things went fucking hell.
That's it, and they start clearing out the entire fucking bar.
Six LVPD, like proper policemen,
came barging in and out.
These people have guns.
While all this is happening, I'm on the karaoke stage,
which is ironically now in the background.
And an incredibly, impressively strategic Rob Schrab
in this shining moment.
I just feel this hand grab my wrist,
and he just goes like, come on.
And he just pulled me over to the giant booth,
and they took Schrab's hat and jacket and put it on me.
Changing clothes, like if you've ever seen the movie
Victory with Michael Cain and Sylvester Stallone in Pele,
they changed clothes.
And Rob put his beanie on, we have to get you out of here,
but you can't be wearing the same clothes
that you were wearing.
And Sam Simon was there.
And now that the college kids, the woman
spit on a police, on a security officer,
then the police came.
Now the kids were like, hey, let them sing.
And they came to your rescue.
These, like, fratty kind of sorority.
Everybody was, yeah, it was a class war.
And so now we're hiding in the background.
And now there's a melee.
Like, shit went wild.
And we've sneaked out the back.
And now we walk out, and there's loads of cop cars outside.
And we're slithering down the side of the building at Ellis Island.
People were being cuffed on hoods,
because they cleared the bar out.
Everyone's like, look at that, just have a fucking good time.
Why is that against the law?
Everyone had completely forgotten.
And the woman that spit on the cop
was like, you can't kick me out of here.
Like, oh, no, no, the daughter goes, you can't throw her out.
She's my mother.
And he goes, you're out of here, too.
And then the fucking fratty's got in there,
and the sorority has got in there.
And then it was fucking chaos.
And we used that distraction to get out of there.
And the black guy in the suit's like,
I thought I was already paying the price for this relationship.
So we're leaving Ellis Island, which is a terrible,
terrible casino.
But they have karaoke every night.
And they'll be like, there's like an Asian Elvis
and a black Elvis and a fat Elvis and a wheelchair.
But they don't even know Elvis songs.
They just know how to dress up like Elvis.
They don't even know Elvis was a guy.
They just think that that's how you dress when
you're successful in Las Vegas.
So we're leaving.
And Sam Simon, our dearly departed friend who,
you know, like, awesomely made Simpsons a thing.
We're leaving.
And there's police everywhere.
And the college kids are being thrown over the hood
and being cuffed.
Like, we're staying here at the best Western or whatever
the fucking shit hotel is there.
And they're like, no, you're going to jail.
And Sam Simon goes, yeah, but what about the guy
that took his shirt off during Phil Collins?
Shouldn't we be looking for him?
And we had to walk like a half a mile
to go to the fucking like some other hotel that used
to be the maximum now is like the Western suites.
We had to walk a mile to go get a cab
because we couldn't get one there.
And it was, yeah, it's good karaoke.
Yeah.
That's probably the third time in eight years.
Like, we told the story here on the show.
Into the record.
But like, you know, I always wondered
how the Vegas riots started.
But of all songs to start some inflammatory awful shit,
Sue Sudio is the most anodyne like fucking nonsense.
But the reason why that all kicked off
is because you were nailing it.
You were so good at it that people were encouraging you
to be nude.
Well, one person said take it off.
It was so good.
When I was like 35, whatever I was,
it was funnier to me in my underwear.
It was funnier.
Now I think it's like a little creepy problem.
I took my clothes off at the Traverse City Comedy Festival.
And nothing happened.
There was no incident?
No, it was fine.
No, people just had a good time.
Fully, full naked?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, cock out.
Yeah.
So did you cover it?
Did you like, cup your hands over it?
No, no, no.
That was the whole point.
There was someone in the audience who just
had to take it off, and everyone started cheering.
And I went, all right, fuck it.
I was still drinking in those days.
What's it like down there?
What's the deal?
Be honest in your objective appraisal.
Be graphic and honest about your genitals.
Because I've heard that your penis is shaped exactly
like an ampersand.
I'm trying to think the best way.
I'm fluctuating between adorable and beneficent.
That's the sweet spot.
Yeah.
My penis looks like a third nipple
perched on top of two pendulous tumors.
Because Dan has enormous balls.
You have conspicuous balls.
Or they may look enormous because, as Ryan Ridley has said,
it's like a bus park next to the UPCON Center.
I'm not saying even by contrast.
I'm saying you have a small dick,
but your balls are needlessly large.
There's no.
I know.
It's like, what's the deal?
What are you going to do with them?
Exactly.
We discussed with Heather Anne Campbell.
I've never dropped what I would call a load.
I'll emit a desperate, dime-sized.
But your balls are like the size of like if you bifurcated
a cantaloupe and made two balls out of it.
It looks like a cantaloupe, but with a cleft.
You have giant, giant, giant testicle.
Yeah.
Picture Garfield the cat, his eyes,
and then a little dick in between them.
Like Garfield's nose, but on top.
If Garfield's nose was on top of his eyes.
Or if Garfield's just upside down.
Just picture two big balls and a little dick.
You could probably do that.
You would think, though, that you would have dropped
larger loads without it.
Yeah, you know, you'd think I would cum like buckets
and be like, that's how you make up for it.
Ugh, my auto from the Simpsons.
Whose response would that be?
His dick was little, but oh, so much cum.
Well, ostensibly.
So much.
I guess God, whatever maniac is behind all these decisions,
it's just like, well, I want to find out.
How do you know you're going to play with these attributes?
Ladies love a good drenching.
From a little dick troll.
There's certainly a market for tiny dick and too much cum.
I have a penis that usually gets this response.
Oh, so much better than I was expecting.
I thought I was going to have to be polite,
because you don't expect much from me.
Because you're beneficent.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're like a pope.
Yeah, that's the thing.
I'm so not sexy in general that it's a pleasure to press.
I have been telling women, like if they've heard my rhetoric
leading to their maiden foolishity, but doir.
There's no foreplay like returitions.
They'll be like, oh, I was actually
anticipating like a micro penis situation,
like clinically, like small.
And shout out to my micro penis listeners.
Like, you know, I find it, you know, like, I don't, I mean,
look, I don't like dick size being bandied about as a metric.
How about this?
Everyone here with a micro penis stand up.
Get a round of applause.
You're good people, micro penises.
Only women stood up.
Yeah, because, yeah, all right.
Finally, my giant clitoris can be contextualized in a,
well, we've gone too far, haven't we?
Have we?
It's that time in the show.
The thing is now, like, now that we're
ticking down to the dying days of Harmontown.
Yeah.
We're going to have some weird stuff.
Let's not leave anything, any stone unturned.
This is like the death rattle?
Yeah, it is.
I'm glad you came here for the death rattle, Dave Foley.
Basically, that's my career.
Dave Foley, can I, one of my favorite things about you,
because Dave Foley loves coffee.
And are you currently drinking coffee?
I was.
This was full of coffee when I came out here.
This is the only time I've seen you without coffee.
Yeah, this is why I ran out.
And I didn't plan ahead.
What was the thing when you were on news radio
and you got the inquirer?
My only time in the National Inquirer.
What was the headline?
It said, Dave Foley admits to drinking 50 cups of coffee a day,
which I wouldn't consider a huge admission.
But it was true.
My favorite is that also Dave has trouble sleeping.
Yeah, I know.
And Greg Proops in the road is like,
you know that if you drink less coffee, you're like,
hey, if I wanted to have this shit,
I could get this to home.
But is there a correlation?
Were you already insomniac before you drank coffee?
I've been an insomniac since I was about, like, four years old.
To pre-coffee you were insomniac.
Yeah, I was a worried four-year-old.
What was your main worry at four years old?
Global warming.
I had a good time.
I was really ahead of you.
Do you have nightmares when you do sleep?
Insomnia, I feel like people misunderstand it.
Because to me, it sounds like a superpower.
I hate falling asleep.
I'm like, god damn it, I was just getting into this.
I have trouble sleeping at night.
I can sleep in the day easily.
I love sleeping in the day.
I said trouble sleeping at night.
Yeah, on the van or the tour bus, you can sack right out.
Yeah, I'm good at napping.
You're a good napper.
But at night, I sort of stay up and just.
If you get some Rachel Maddow and some headphones,
you're good to go.
Yes.
That's my MSNBC and a cup of coffee.
The day full is ready to go.
Because it's comforting, because I know that I can fall asleep
during one show, and then the next show
will say the exact same thing.
Right.
So I don't have to worry about missing anything.
Like, if Chris Hage is taken, then I'll wake up to Maddow's.
Wait, is that the shouting guy?
Who's the shouting guy?
Oh, that's Chris Matthews.
Yeah, he's a little crazy.
Yeah, I can.
He's just yelling.
Is 50 cups an exaggeration?
Nope.
But is that now not true, or are you still 50?
Now, I probably, like today, I've probably had 10 espressos.
That seems mathematically.
50 cups seems mathematically impossible.
But I guess probably none of you get up and you start doing this.
I would have a 10-cup pot of coffee at home before going to work.
So that's 10 right there.
And then through the day.
The proplety is, I forget their names, because they don't.
It's Jody Mann.
And she would, they kept two thermoses of coffee
on their prop wagon so that I would stop going to get coffee.
And they were just pointing, they're the ones who told me.
They said, you've had 50 cups today.
So that's how I found out.
Is that post-drinking, or was it?
During drinking, yeah.
You mean, was it like after night of drinking?
Some people get sober, and then their coffee's there for them.
Oh, no, I didn't get sober until like five years ago, Christmas.
So coffee was always a thing, and that was just like a fight.
I knew this would be coffee up until like 10 o'clock.
And then Jody would start bringing me whiskey.
Oh, yeah.
They had, when I did this show with John Larroquette,
they had a little in the prop fridge.
There was a secret pitcher, and they
would go, we're going to tell a couple people about this.
And they had a cocktail of the week.
And so they'd be like, Cosmopolitan's in a pitcher,
and they would just give you a little styrofoam cup,
and that was your secret cocktail.
But that was the same people.
But you just said one day, fuck it.
And you didn't go through programs.
You just said, I quit.
Yeah, yeah, just stopped.
Just cold turkeyed it.
Yep.
I had the advantage of massive brain trauma.
Oh, that's right.
You broke your fucking.
I broke my brain.
What happened?
You fell on the ground?
I fell down at the must downtown, which
was around the corner from where I lived.
And you were found like just like you were just laying?
I passed out, fell on the patio, and cracked my head.
And I hit the patio so hard that my brain gave me a black eye
from inside my skull.
Wow.
Oh, and then I woke up in the ICU with my ex-wife
and my daughter standing there.
And we were going to go to New York after Christmas.
And it was one of these guys who went, hey, I think
I'm going to quit drinking.
And was there?
Yeah, it was like, OK, there's rock bottom,
and there's like, is there a positive kind of like when
you're struggling to overcome it,
is there like a kind of what's the question I'm trying to ask?
Like a realization you had that kind of makes you strong
as opposed to just going, oh, this is fucked up.
And I think I'll quit drinking.
But at the time, I thought, oh, I might not really do it.
Because I thought this might be hard.
But the brain injury seemed to actually
cure me of alcohol.
You might have been one of these privileged people that
fell down while drunk and injured the part of their brain
that loves drinking.
Yeah, and that's what happened.
And also like my depression went away, too.
What?
Yeah, I've been dealing with depression most of my life.
You're like alfalfa from the Arging.
A lot of people become serial killers.
Well, yeah, or they suddenly can speak French.
People have had head injuries, and then
they can play the piano.
Sometimes they turn invisible.
I mean, that's killing in X Island, but.
Yeah, oh, I would have been cool.
Oh, man.
You've got to hit just the right spot.
It's not worth trying.
I'm going to try it again.
It's the part of your brain that makes you invisible,
or keeps you from being invisible,
it's nestled right within the part that
keeps your heart going.
Sometimes I think I'd like to just hit it again
with a brick or something just so I could start drinking again.
Just have a man who hadn't, and then like, yeah.
Well, because now you know if you get too drunk
and get this failsafe.
Yeah.
I think there was something that my therapist told me
about drinking that, to me, was if I ever
should choose to stop, like this would
be in the forefront of my brain, which is that when you're 12,
which is when I'm going to make a guess,
the guys like you and me maybe had our first experiences
with this liquor, and it's like, oh my god,
there's this amazing experience, and then your friends
are like, yeah, that was kind of fun, but now my head hurts,
and you're like, I'm Peter Pan.
And when you're 15, 17, 19, 25, your neurology
keeps growing tree roots around this thing.
And it very, well, at a certain point,
it can not only start to lose its actual benefits,
its medicinal benefits, but it actually, I mean,
it can lose them entirely.
It can become just a plain old poison,
and yet the tree roots of your brain
have kind of like organized themselves
in a relationship around the space occupied by this thing,
which stops giving you the same kind of, you know,
after a while, it's like, well, I'm 46.
When I get shit-faced drunk, I am no longer
the hilarious person I was, perhaps.
I might get more depressed.
I might get more blackout.
I might lose my memory more.
It might become, it's a different thing.
And I think that part of it, when somebody
talks about quitting drinking, like for me,
the part of my brain that resists it is like, yeah,
but drinking's always, you know, like, I don't
want to make that big change.
But I think that's why it's interesting,
I thought, for my therapist to point out, like, yeah,
but the change has already happened.
Like, you're already quitting drinking.
You already quit that relationship
with that wonderful potion that made you happy.
That relationship is long since over,
and you're dancing with the coffin of this ex-girlfriend
that left you a long time ago.
She didn't put it that way.
I'm very articulate because I'm drunk.
I was going to say your therapist is really poetic.
Dancing with the coffin of your ex-girlfriend.
She probably said, you know, it's like Stewie when
he did the thing and then my eyes glazed over.
The thing was, I think when you're drunk,
it becomes a big part of how you define yourself, too.
Like, when you're a drinker, like, for me,
it was, you know, being a drinker and being a hard drinker
was a big part of how I, like, how I, you know,
what I envisioned myself to be.
And along the way, and I'll say this,
not to enable anybody listening or anything,
but it's like, but to acknowledge
part of the reason why we can get stuck in our ways
is because, whether it's smoking, video games, drinking,
or anything, what happens is it brings out
behaviors and attitudes in the people around you.
So it's not only defining you.
It's defining how you relate to other people.
Well, that's like, because there was one other time
I woke up in a hospital after drinking,
but that time I didn't quit drinking.
In fact, I woke up and I had an IV in my arm,
and I sort of took that out and said, where the hell am I?
And was walking out and the doctor,
as I was walking out, just said, you know,
you really have to quit drinking.
And I just announced, first, everyone else
has to get a lot more interesting.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, that sounds very familiar to me.
But apparently that happened because now
you don't drink anymore.
Yeah, I always said, I drink to make you,
all of you, smarter, something hilarious like that.
I was like, yeah, but it's like, there's
the self-deluded part of that, but then there's also
the kind of like, as a former smoker of cigarettes,
it's too easy to just say, oh, I was doing this terrible thing
by smoking, and then I stopped, and it was a zero-sum game.
It's like, while I was a smoker, there
were many positive things to say about it,
and they were all socially-based, because the kinds of people
who would get on your ass about how you were a smoker,
that was a red flag for the kind of relationship
that I didn't want to engage in.
I don't think I was denying myself
the friendship of people that would have made my life better.
Well, every friendship and relationship I had started drunk.
Every woman I was ever with, it started out drinking.
And every friendship, I think, started out drinking
after the age of about 14.
And so it was very beneficial for a long, long time.
What's the world's oldest medicine?
I mean, it really was a medicine.
And it made me, and I was like, I don't like,
there's like weed always makes me feel like I'm ugly and stupid.
And then you haven't paid taxes, so you're
going to have a heart attack.
And drinking always made me feel like I was beautiful and smart.
Always felt very beautiful.
It made your penis beneficent.
Yes.
Beatific.
I love the beatitudes of your balls.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, and there's a sweet lofty zone in there.
And I think you're always kind of chasing that spot.
And it continues to shrink and become less and less reliable.
And it's like, oh, this euphoria, this medicinal quality.
And as of late, what I've noticed
is that it's becoming more and more calculatably predictable
that I'll use superfluous adverbs.
Calculatably predictable.
Just say, oh, like a normal person
if you don't know what you're going to say next.
Excuse me.
But that my mood will just take a crash,
which it feels like something I can observe because of therapy.
Because my therapist, among the many things
that I like about her, she never forced that hand.
I think she probably senses in me
that this is a tough beast to get around
and that she would just join many skulls on Golgotha
if she were to try to engage me about my drinking.
And so she makes sure I know that she's not here to make me quit.
And that way, for that reason, because I can trust her,
I've had more conversations about drinking in my relationship
with her than I've ever had in my life
with a qualified professional who knows all about it.
And I forgot the rest of what I was going to say.
Spencer, you don't drink really.
But didn't you also quit weed?
Or are you just kind of like ratchet that back?
I'm back, baby.
No, I don't really buy weed or anything,
but I'll smoke it with other people or whatever.
You don't have to.
Tom Jones doesn't buy panties.
And he's wearing them everywhere.
Were you ever weedy, like Dave?
I would only smoke weed when I was blind drunk.
And yeah, because otherwise, it would just
make me really paranoid.
Does it bother you when we're on the road together
because the rest of the cast of Whose Life
we're always drinking, doesn't matter to you?
No, I actually prefer, I don't like being around sober people.
They're horrible.
Also, Dave on the road carries around a little speaker,
and there's always jazz music wherever he goes.
That's cool.
He just carries around, like after the show,
we're taking pictures of people or signing stuff or whatever.
And Dave just has this awesome affinity of just like,
it's not like you foisted on people.
There's just always a beautiful soundtrack happening.
And then when you're not there, it's a bummer
because we live in abject silence.
One of you could get a speaker.
No, we're too drunk.
Reggie Watts was at the Harmon Quest premiere.
He gave me a free sample of the beta test of his cartridge
that he's developing.
Reggie Watts is trying to develop a weed cartridge.
It's great time for weed babies.
Just as they're about to be banned.
Yeah, I guess that's how it did.
You read the New York Times thing about the bust in Wisconsin?
The two guys?
No, no.
I guess they were doing like.
Yeah, I didn't understand this whole vaping thing.
It was like this running gag happening.
Because Cody was a fucking, what are those things called?
Jules.
She was a jewelhound.
And I'm so glad she got scared off of it,
whether it was valid or not, because I just
hated that she was like sucking down nicotine
because I was a smoker until I was 32.
And anyways, hey, me, get off my lawn.
Good night.
But I guess what it is, is that because POTS not
legalized everywhere and then vape cartridges,
so they kind of open the window.
So it's like, yeah, and it's like making gin in a bathtub.
There's just a lot of invitation for people
like homebrew weed juice, oil, and it's
like you put anything in there that you think
gets the job done.
And apparently, something that some people are putting in.
Apparently, vitamin E oil they were using.
Yeah, and is that what makes it long to turn into?
It was linked, but who knows?
It seems, though, as Dan was saying,
it was just more tainted, specific tainted stuff.
That was gray market stuff.
But vitamin E is used in legal stuff.
I don't know.
But I mean, there's been no studies
about how safe or unsafe vaping is.
Like, I don't think we've ever done it.
We're in really good one.
I apply vitamin E oil to my lungs topically.
And that's been fine.
But it's weird.
They're banning flavored tobacco cartridges, which I'm
certain.
That's good.
I'm fairly certain they're not linked to any of the anything.
It's like a single case I don't think
is linked to actual flavored tobacco.
No, no, that's just linked to we don't
want our children to die of cancer.
Sure.
Does it give you cancer?
Does vapor?
No, no, the tobacco products that
are like candy floss flavored, that they're not
marketing to children, mind you.
Right, but does the vaping itself,
does that actually lead to cancer?
Or is it just a fear that they're talking to them on?
They don't really know.
They don't know.
They say there's some heavy metals.
There are some heavy metals in vaping.
Right.
That's the thing.
There's metal pieces in when you get heated up.
Some of the molecules fly off the surface of the metal.
And that's definitely great.
Because I use the CBD vape pens because I'm old, sure.
And I don't want my bones to hurt.
But I love those.
Those are great for arthritis.
I did a little puff off of a DMT pen, and I like it.
And you saw the dwarves that build time.
So I'm pretty sure I hung out with a palm tree
for about 15 minutes.
Wait, are you serious?
You did DMT?
Out of a pen, like a vape pen.
I thought DMT was sort of a free base.
The idea of it coming out of a pen is kind of like a.
I think it's not as strong.
I've never done DMT properly.
But I did it out of a pen.
And there was like a Joshua tree.
And I was like, hey, Betty.
I was grooved chickens for a while.
And then it was over.
Jeff was grooved chickens.
It only lasts like 15 minutes, right?
Joe Rogan's a big DMT guy.
Who?
Joe Rogan.
Take it enough.
He's like an expert on DMT and other psychedelics.
I'm too old to try transformative stuff.
Like, I'm not going to.
Like, I maybe think maybe I would do ayahuasca before I'm 50.
I'd like to do that.
Yeah.
Like, let's do it on the final Harmontown.
Well, yeah.
I'm in.
We can say fully Spencer, Dan, me, Curtis Armstrong,
and we fucking and we just just to ayahuasca.
All right, because I like that ayahuasca at least
is kind of like transparent about it.
They're like, this is probably going to be awful.
Yeah.
You're going to puke in a bucket while you're
like, don't you barf for a while?
Don't you have to like go puke for a lot of drugs
that are poisonous, but but ayahuasca is a poison
that's drug in us.
Is anybody here done ayahuasca proper two or three?
Did you go out of town?
Or did you like Costa Rica?
Or that's because you wanted to be with the legit shaman.
Yeah, I didn't.
I did it in Bushwick next to a guy.
Yeah.
You're going to talk dangerous.
Were you at a house or like a party or what did you do?
Oh, you're kidding.
You had a friend that could fly in a shaman into into Brooklyn.
But that's the shittiest part of ayahuasca is the shaman.
Bullshit spirituality.
No, but he's the guy that tells you where to barf
and where not to barf and things like that, right?
Yeah.
I want to do it.
But I don't want to do this like the touristy thing
where you have to go be in a waterfall at Machu Picchu
or whatever the fuck.
I'd rather go to Brooklyn and do it.
Brooklyn, you know, but with a shaman,
I will do it like however the people tell me to do it.
Because I do not want to go off the rails.
It's probably illegal and stupid to say
that we're going to do the finale of harm and temper.
Probably.
We're all going to be in ayahuasca.
Well, it takes six hours.
You take six hours.
Well, DMT.
Holy shit.
But the effective drug in ayahuasca is DMT.
Is it?
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I did that in a pool.
That just comes in a pen.
Yeah, and you don't even have to get a shaman.
Pocket shaman.
I love you.
My husband's boss is coming over for dinner.
I haven't made the casserole.
Hello.
I'm pocket shaman.
I can't trip.
That'll be six hours.
Yes, you can.
Just one hit.
I'm a pen.
Whoa, dwarves build time.
I'm back.
Now make that casserole.
But aware of the fact that casserole doesn't matter.
Thank you, pocket shaman.
God, I wish it were 10 o'clock so we
could end the show on that joke.
Chemical release by DMT may be the chemical release
in your brain when you die.
Member FDIC.
I just did a little bit of it.
I didn't get super duper high, but there was a tree,
and we had a thing.
And it was kind of a romantic moment with a tree.
I'm going up to the Storm Area 51 thing.
Oh, yeah.
So that would be a good time to do DMT.
That's this Friday.
Didn't Keanu Reeves say he was going to fucking make it?
I don't know.
Apparently he tweeted and said, I'll see you there.
So like what?
I think we should do a test run on a normal military base
first, just to make sure this is a good idea.
Before we go to the one that made the whole event.
I think Area 51 is probably, I think
we have a fence outside of a fence,
and you have to get through that fence first.
They have sensors for the miles and miles of desert
surrounding them before you get to the fence.
You don't get to the fence before I like a jeep show.
Let's say it was 7,000 people.
Well, the one I'm going to is just
like they're calling it the base camp,
and they're not near the base, and they're not
going to storm the base.
Now you got to split up.
You got to have a bunch of UFO people.
You got to split up.
You got to do it from all sorts of different angles.
Right.
You should go storm base boardin' when you're in Canada.
Base boardin'?
Yeah, it's a military base.
I'm going to do Fort Wayne, was the one that's way up there.
Is that Fort Wayne?
Fort Wayne, I don't know.
No, what's the one that's way up in the fucking Yukon
and shit?
It's Fort.
I don't know.
I'm Canadian.
I don't go north.
I can't believe you Canucks still have an army
after we kicked your ass in 1812.
I believe we won.
Oh, shit.
Some of the telegrams still haven't made it through.
Did you guys burn down our White House?
You know, the reason that happened,
that was an insurance scam.
We wanted to build a new one.
And you paid for it.
The war of 1812 was completely because
we had hit the tipping point of how aggression moved
just faster than communication.
Like it was just sort of like people would write a letter
going like, wait, no, we didn't know what.
They were going to liberate Canada.
The Americans were going to liberate Canada from the
British and then they came up and they went,
these people don't want to be liberated.
We're always so shocked about that.
Andrew Jackson was fighting the Battle of New Orleans
and all that shit.
That war was over and he was still kicking dick
around there and they're like,
hey, the boat has a letter that says it's over.
And yeah.
It's a war that only Canadians care about.
No Americans care about the war of 1812.
You know what's amazing now is that fucking Tim Hortons
has, they never had a burger.
Now they have a burger, but it's fucking beyond burger.
So they now have only vegan burgers there.
They've never had a fucking burger before.
Don't fucking.
I heard that.
You can now get a fucking, oh.
They have veggie beyond sausage.
You can get a fucking sausage McMuffin.
You can't get that in the States.
She was appraising your Segway infrastructure
and I was like, you can't leap
from whatever we were talking about to burgers.
The show's fucking to over, Dan.
I don't give a shit anymore.
I'm going to do ayahuasca, not on the show.
And then I'm not even gonna, this is my last show.
I quit.
Again, we got to Jeff off the chain.
What are we gonna do, Dan and Spencer,
after the Harmontown is done?
Are we just gonna fuck off another night?
Or are we just gonna?
I would like the two of you
to continue to do commercials.
Yeah, I have to say, and this is no disrespect, Dan.
My favorite part of Harmontown
is going and doing the ad with Spencer.
Mine too.
No sleep till Brooklyn then?
Oh yeah, that's a goodie.
That was incredible.
We got to give it up for Church and Brandon
who make all the ads fucking delicious, yeah.
Oh yeah.
It's Church's good advice and Brandon's ability
to make us sound like we know what we're doing.
It's fucking great.
I love it.
We go in there, we just goof off for five minutes
and we sell underwear.
Do you think you'll still all be friends?
Or more to the point, have you guys become friends?
Yeah, I think so.
I think so.
The friendship with me, though, it's kind of a mixed bag.
Get used to it.
But I got a pool now.
Yeah, I got one of those.
Then you live right by me, so.
Yeah, I come over, but your pool's full of cameras.
I think I can swim in your pool.
It's fucking creepy.
Yeah, I pull them out.
Also, there's small cameras, but they film loads of...
That's a callback to my...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
A rolling, like, is he trying to end the show?
I'll help him, I'll help him.
So have you got the underwater shit all rigged up?
Like, so you can do your guys?
I just have two, yeah, I have two underwater cameras
that I've made little rigs that it takes about.
I get up in the morning, I put them in the pool.
I think the drunkest I've been in the last year
was at your pool,
we were just day drinking in a pool
in the heat of the valley sun,
and then you just fucking wrecked.
And then we went to Barone's and we had, like, red wine,
but yeah, that was bad.
Yeah, it can get nasty.
Yeah.
I kind of miss it, yeah.
Your house is very large.
How much of the house have you actually used?
Because there's parts of that house
that's never gonna be occupied.
I just used the Room 232.
I don't know, I tried to riff the...
What's the shiny name?
Your house is enormous.
How many of your bathrooms haven't you pooped in?
I have not pooped into the guest bedroom bathroom.
That's polite.
Let's see, poop.
What about that exterior one?
I pooped in there while the decorators were there,
and that's how I found out I will never poop in there again,
because the door to that one is like glass.
Yeah, you could see right in it.
Yeah, it's like, I'm a standing wiper, I'll just say it.
Mm-hmm, oh yeah.
And before you fucking freak out,
that's 40% of the public, so fuck off.
Is there another way?
How do you arrive at that number?
40% of the public?
By researching it after I found out
that not everyone is a standing wiper
in, like, season three of Community.
You're not a stand-away portfolio, are you?
How do you wipe while still sitting?
You lean forward.
You're a stand-away per?
Yeah.
I got work to do.
What?
Thank you.
Yeah.
It's the work.
God damn, yeah.
Is the work explaining why you stand up and wipe your butt?
We're just getting it done, getting it in there.
I mean, it's already, like.
Get the right angle on it.
Like, how, when am I supposed to stop wiping anyway?
There's a roll of toilet paper,
there's a toilet that will clog
if you fill it with the toilet paper,
and there's an ass that has plenty of shit
for the roll of toilet paper.
So I'm like, yes, I'm standing.
Why does standing help that process?
Because sitting and doing all that,
that's just a confident person who's like,
well, my ass has a certain amount of poop in it,
and I'm gonna just reach back and do these things.
I don't know, I just wasn't.
What kind of a princess sits there like this, ooh.
Yeah.
Oh, that ought to do it.
Yes.
I have to look at every wipe and be like,
okay, so that's like, I compare it to a swatch
from Home Depot.
Like, six more wipes to go.
I'm only at like an acorn, like.
Three flushes.
Okay, I'm gonna make an executive
comptroller decision right now.
Harmontown lasts another year
until we get to the fucking bottom of this.
Ooh, the fans are loving it.
Like, you stand up and just, no.
No, you don't stand up and reach between your legs.
Is that what you just mimed?
Wait, you stand up, is it front to back or back to front?
Front to back for fuck's sake.
Yeah, yeah.
That's how you avoid an objection.
For us that stand, it's down to up,
because we're standing.
Yeah.
No, you don't reach between your legs
and pull shit towards your fucking vagina.
That's how you get in the fact.
Why not just sit and kind of gently
lean over to the side and do that?
Because, well, I'm gonna, I'm not gonna pretend
I made this Ben Franklin like decision.
I'm like, oh, a wise man always stands up.
I obviously like, I don't think our mommies,
when you're a little kid, you wipe standing up pretty much.
Yeah, yeah.
It doesn't matter, of course.
Otherwise you fall in.
I just think your parents are like helping you
wipe your ass like in the beginning.
And then like, I was never helped.
Either later, I never, I learned on the mean streets
of Tustin, California.
Yeah.
Tustin.
I just, I'm assuming socialization.
I mean, I really don't think it was like,
I truly made it to the age of like 37
before I found out that not everyone stands up
when they wipe their ass.
And that in fact, a vast majority of people do not.
Well, I think it's weird.
I don't know, I wouldn't know how to do it.
I then tried to do it at once and I was like,
well, that's just out.
That's a complete, I mean, it's like,
this is a thing that you've done every day.
It's like switching to left handed.
I'm comfortable standing.
I'm comfortable with standing.
It gets the job done.
And like you said, we got work to do.
It's not like you're ever going to have to watch.
Cliff Hanger!
Oh boy.
Let's give it up.
Dave Foley, everybody.
We're going to watch him take a poop Canadian style.
Oh, Spencer Crittenden.
Woo!
He's giving up for Nolan, Cher, Zach,
everybody here at the Harmon County,
and the County Downs.
I have a counselor, Jeff Davis, Spencer.
Your mayor, Dan Harmon, thank you so much.
There's only so many left, let's make them count, shall we?
And let's all wipe our butts
however we find ourselves happier.
It's quite fast to take this.
Zach, you got beat?
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.